Mom, what's the matter with you?
Oh, think about it, I'm fine to call you back
I want to tell you a great happy event
What good things will you tell me?
Say what's the matter
We promise for you
A very good marriage. What about that person?
Also you know
It's Xiao Zhou next door to us.
Zhou Jinyan, he came to mention his dear
Don't you like him too?
Ah I don't marry
Mom, what are you doing?
Oh, little one.
Do you just listen to the mother? Just marry the gag
Mom
Don't push my mom
I don't want to marry him.
I don't want to marry
If you don't marry him, I'll die for you to see.
Don't get excited
Put the scissors down
So I won't force you to marry Jinyan immediately
Let's try to get along with each other first
Ah!
I don't live anymore
I promise you.
I promise you, okay?
Impossible to let go
Little one, what about us?
I've already made an appointment for you for a drink.
Let's go out on a date now
Okay, go, go, go, go
It turns out that he already has someone he likes
Mr. Ji, are we still going?
Let's go let's go